it's good night brasília 19 hours thursday 29 de
american rice ke ha with this disc elisângela our land of pounds and the
right our general augusto heleno already knew
everyone is the youngest of the ministries since the lack that ronaldo - that the
press in brazil is impressive
now the tac the hospital that operated bolsonaro after stab runs out of two
million he promised what happened we collected on the occasion of the elections
4 thousand reais that I did not use the party fund nor that new party had
almost nothing and neither the timbí 710 million of my party the president
federal deputy senators governors hold on that I decided on the
season to gas and two million will donate 2 million of the message to the
past the people’s house we did everything we couldn’t get support from the law
could not pay and I would like the act to appeal to the holy judge house
from the outside is not that I promised and did not keep my
God in heaven has no support with the miner's arrangement now you want me to do what
other gifts did find money to give to the holy house not
can I do are only in the same news had not promised had not had
available should land domain is this partly large
our Brazilian company the company doesn't say anything right
adele a good one will complete a year from now in the attempted murder
knowing there yesterday our national congress overturning the veto the
project arrived in bed arrived there arrived for me presence of
get a device because it said sporty that anyone who create
a fake news relayed him not being god at the time of the elections
he takes a cane from 2 to 8 years old, two to eight years in jail
of the 2886 election program to remove a lot of pressure on me right
vote more on you forget me i'll bust the issue of abuse of
authority wants to know will you do what now
threat all the time is with regard to the reverse I haven't decided yet 205 thing now you see
after I decide on this blog tips in trouble is the master of such a change of
politics is at ease on the right is your right and streets street accepted a good
his opinion doesn’t go down to lowering the level because it’s okay so it’s just the
chamber and the senate obviously overthrow the then nowadays on the occasion of the
next year's elections for mayor and councilors
if you, because of the elections, take any matter and go through having a
friend gave in the relay but it is perhaps not true
it happens it happens you get two to eight years in jail
now general details who commits a simple homicide simple homicide
the penalty ranges from six to 20 years you can get six simple homicides when
six friends arrived before the general hit here and the maximum penalty for
little eight years old so a click on a click you get a feather so i
I have the technician there to make a prison there are so many people
it is more advantage detail that everything happens is not only when I present a project
come and go to the congress someone has to ask for prominence to vote
those Brazil I'm not going to say anything here because no
I have no problem I will demean myself this way please do you try to know
was deputy nadja was a woman was not a deputy of the chamber who asked for prominence
was a deputy who asked for the signing of the document to be highlighted there so that this
was voted in the plenary and that deputy the deputy who speaks
a lot your tip you talk a lot behind the bills is parliamentary has speech
stabilize it and the left voted and few votes find I think psl in
party if I'm not mistaken no did not vote that not voting is the same as voting
against the overturning of the veto because 70 257 4 yes to overturn the veto
I don’t know when I’m going to surf a lot more, 57 is obviously going to look for who
it was the deputy who asked for prominence and made freedom of the press not
make it count at this point the company lives wrong because it will not grow
right, he's not fighting, he tried at the time, right?
with whoever wrote a lie in the press also the reporter on the 2nd and 28th of
January daily and mostly I reputation in that one familiar even the voice
of my of my wife messes with all of this it takes people time
also find out who was the deputy who says here what will fall for
Ok, I'm sure you know Brazil
is also a deputy do not want you to know and disclose his name fit
then this question goes from relaying to creating fakes thousand teachers elections
right in front of the week it was quite
agitated and not the question of the question of burning in the Amazon not only went through
there the knowledge that I have that jungle
doesn’t catch fire yet has no low representation but it’s impossible
catch fire in the forest so what came out there that the forest was in
flames said susana who is not true is the opportunity decian
is below the average of the last few years logic he didn't have a fire but it is
a reality will not be able to be free to leave but the Brazilian press
fueled that fire and went outside we had a meeting had a soap opera
not cleaning on the right day the g7 held a meeting in paris and omar with
the president of macron the president of france took advantage and made a fuss about me
accused him of liar and then two serious things right
he put at stake our sovereignty over the amazon saying it was in
open being well got in touch with several heads of state the first in
retina the dice of spain that was as a guest
on the 7th I talked to many, many others, you know, with the presidents here at
south america especially in the amazon region and that was with the passing of
time was undone leaving another image of brazil was made that doesn’t combine
it's easy for you to clean an image in a country, right accused of negligence in tocantins is
the Brazilian press is missing, I know it wasn’t to the press and it touched the air
in that here our public service is true because the truth has no
problem the people who seek the solution the army to their loved ones and say
promptly took action now the region the Amazon region is so
which is way that europe every donation to say that the forest on fire
and that was even the subject of permanent headline and a television station
this is a total inconsistency and only happens in the minds of people who
unaware of the Amazon rainforest is the area itself is the entire western
inside the amazon imagine the whole of western europe and the ball passes by
this in someone’s head so what happens in the amazon in a certain
time of year there is focus and without is not amazon chan
this is an exaggeration that is neither acceptable nor acceptable in the minds of people
smart is great nonsense is a sound points in the forest where they arise
the cores of 100 and we have two things to celebrate the president week
first the action of the armed forces immediate prompt response highly
competent working on these fires and quelling the majority
this doesn’t mean that there willn’t be an upsurge in
some bridge but the action of the armed forces was absolutely efficient very is
immediately this shows the armed forces' ability to comply with any
mission with the selection is not an easy mission that gigantic amazon and the
fire points got away from each other
so tomorrow an extremely physical mission and the other thing to celebrate was
today the launch of the project in front of brazil and it has already received numerous
saps and facebook is white celebrating the launch of the program
and everyone knows that this is a program in search of cleaning up our concept
among ourselves of the precarious situation of public security is an evident action
could against banditry this is very important this raises the morale of the
population feeling that there is a concern of the government in transforming
words in actions this is very good will come back to speak
of this subject but without letting die start is very important even in the
next 6 now of september i will be in the city of letícia in colombia
together with the presidents of ecuador and turkey also for us to talk
discuss on this subject who knows a plan out there so that we see the
enjoy the goods of the Amazon region while preserving the environment if
worrying about our sovereignty is threatened today is true
we had a meeting this Tuesday the governors of the region
Amazon and only one of them spoke in money that money from that school offered
at macron brazil is worth a lot more than 20 million dollars for the night
I said a few weeks ago that some countries are European are buying Brazil
the installment have spent more than anton over 1 billion dollars here
throughout 2010 12 years that I had had money
point me a hectare replanted a positive action nothing big godfather goes to
where is the money appropriation of the money showing good somewhere
more if you buy some serious fighting material, but that money was used by a
game so this scolding also right I took the problem is not to deforest it
pass out folks right now the governor was not ready there a conversation
quite open frank greetings from the governor was exceptional and I took to
he the numbers is they didn't know i asked you know how many areas
I am so ready to use a pen and
the next one is scheduled for the next fire, plus 200 newer indigenous areas
200 quilombolas kosmos village in brazil is in the water to be cool 900
quilombolas how many environmental protection parks
national ecological stations and created or increased ie 14 today by
percent of the national territory is already demarcated as indigenous land
if I check all open and it goes to 20%
images 20% simply livestock farming but it was not feasible in brazil
and the governors obviously do not want more is an example of zico never seems
one of those who decides to say that he wants to demarcate land even at that moment
nobody accepted to speak I want the state to be from macau which is being
proposed right from previous governments do not do I will not use my pen the
unless you are forced to demarcate more areas as I said 14% no longer
equivalent in Brazil to an area larger than the states of são paulo and imagined are
paulo minas gerais rio de janeiro and paraná also in pará
it's a lot and these demarcations deserve to be revised once
that there is evidence from within FUNAI itself of allegations of fraudulent demarcations
for 10 indigenous people are demarcations that have been forged greatly increased in their
in its extension by people interested in profiting from it
so this was going to be very well studied, the fox report from serra do sol was
doubted and it was practically proven that it was the fraudulent album
then these all the demarcations have to be subject to review to verify the
that really corresponds to the truth in these lands need to be properly
demarcated according to reality and from there we will think if it is worth
pity are large estates that if we don't give it to the indigenous
the treatment they deserve with the possibility of integrating into the aal
set of matter of the Brazilian people this does not promote in a way
none the aggrandizement of the ethnicity on the contrary they are stifled by the
the arrival of strangers I get poorer and poorer and have no
solved the problem in the Indian being received indignantly words or
even receive wind asking for peace to be integrated into society to
study to be able to attend college without quotas in the
indigenous school that can prepare marcia brazilian citizens will be
always only indigenous citizens are Brazilian indigenous citizens that is
very important and will come back with dogs subject next week is very
important 90 and the crochet on the bed work in that regard
in 92 the ordinance was signed at least the justice of the demarcation of the reserve
Yanomami an area twice the size of the state of rio de janeiro
nobody knows how many interlagos kicks kicks kicks 8000 9000
let's go because it's devil imagine an area twice the size of the genus do
now the low screen wealth if you take the generic mind map you will see is
a richer absurd thing in brazil underground to mark as theses on soils
são são rick terra the mato grosso bench from mato grossense as chosen
today the Governor present is also concerned about this, looking for an alternative
for us on the tape make the Indian work
the Indians want to work and now we go according to what they proposed will reduce or
reason that the 81 69 and says it can only do on the indigenous land after hearing
emidium we want now from the past is not as unknown as it is today then
it would have been like listening if i don't bring author will get the translator from the bore
in the old days, you know how to talk about what happened here, it's just
lie or as a rule it was a lie so now as he speaks our fee language
integrating let's hear it so that these areas can actually be used by
right, not only with regard to livestock farming and why it also fell
what problem do you want to legalize in the wind?
we will meet the interest of the sick organ gave are the week here
the good news is our economy grew 0 4% in the last quarter to
prediction was that it reaches 200 does not grow a little is very welcome
a sense in this quarter that starts has already started with is going to be I don't know but the
third quarter 0 4% very well surprised even the market and
cut that idea that we were headed for a recession so it was
very important in the country people have to understand that above
of the personal interests of the wills of each one gives of these like tea
there is a country and it has everything to be big and that we are not convinced that
need to put national interests above personal interests
the day that we achieved that the population thinks that way our
politicians think in this way our judiciary sees it as a
challenge to be able to carry out the country if we do not have this awareness or take
much more time to arrive in a place we can arrive in a short time the country is
absolutely no way to stop the development of brazil think time
inside brazil comes out of the hole and shows its potential and it is a big failure how to unite
the capacity that brazil has to recover
we have been properly robbed to leave for many years we are in a
critical money situation we are already recovering
and we will operate and the interaction will be faster than I imagine what we have
this potential to be taken advantage of already the expenses decreased in relation to the first
quarter is another thing we are hitting behind closing the gather [ __ ] arrives roth
I've been doing everything so that we don't have a deviation.
little the conclusion of the governments but if it appears with the four legs of the streets
will have sharon woman will not have jones corporatism of the decision
in the northeast just god willing and also say here for example here right
the first stirring on our large inductor table rotates the world all the shiny
work so I said rightly that it is worth
for ten thousand times smaller than the river is indonesia had collected is from nesi
just opened a market for beef is good but say a lot but it is
much more than 25 thousand tons of meat per year
congratulations to the staff of the ministry of agriculture map is being able to open
this market is quite advanced starting with japan south korea
then the news comes, we’re setting fire to the amazon captain nero it’s me
but I want to set up the right to the press of all this business
it potentiates everyone talks about looking for one among the living, a letter is to hit
with us we understand the situation but that's okay
dili 04 per cent news the group also a few days ago a flame agreement if f
is an agreement between four countries or catch you now and not there iceland norway and
Switzerland
now it becomes difficult to befriend existence instead of trying this
is a small country in 14 but this agreement in ioc is also very welcome
health and in the mercosur here is more market is money that comes in to that is
very well very welcome to us here a sign of the repeat confidence in brazil
I've been walking the world for the past four years in a pre-campaign that
listen if I was wrong to speak the campaign maintains 200 lawsuits against the village
noel at this time of the pv campaign launched the campaign getting to know the world and eight years
but we are going to get to know countries and it is hard to be quick the way it was in the
command of mistrust is equal to point in principle quickly the pilot plan
of the mogi in the form in the five regions north northeast south and in a city each
pilot plan where all state institutions with intelligence
there was also obviously a wall crime project missing it has a lot to do with
that too and ours is almost ready and does not feature yet
complicate because treatment is often complicated is that the legislature
you can't put too much material in there because it starts to have negative reactions in the
the other's project there is a group that considers concert will face the
waiting here from the wall our legal now can wipe my
just now legal project that allows
police when fulfilling the mission to be decorated and not to prosecute some
also attacking this is a carte blanche project to kill who was once a country dj
invested there that the carte blanche to the police does not die
this same policeman who defends his life, even repeating here that he is
on the verge of the july court again the brother-in-law in the rich gives to
imagine this is having your home or inside the hotel that the same thing as
room is private property is so armed bum shooting a lady there
within our two days between the lady does not take care of the rhyme can catch
sent from the [ __ ] rolls with him across the floor on the stretch in his head
this is excess and had to give 30 shots at a medal of another active medal
gold medal 22 silver and 10 bronze
his wife and his wife the government looks at the situation and the prosecutor's office
minas gerais the ministry is already a record and he is
living this hell time that can be sentenced to 12 years victim of homicide
is 12 to 30 years old is unbelievable for sure not having
filed this process the mother to have 15 sp that these people I am not generalizing
penalty please on the verge of nominating the new head of the
public ministry from now on brazil what happens
on the heads of these guys who are supposed to do something like this, the guy was
grow up 50 rediscover lives haunted that he will sit on the bench and can leave
from there with 12 to 30 years in jail and do not know what goes on in the minds of the
jury I hope you will be acquitted by
unanimously let's go ahead a country that there is a younger girl kills the father the mother
and you have the right to sayinha da dia, mother's day there really has to
think something wrong the end of the year is waiting for those gone
i will choose some canadian police officers who are imprisoned unfairly
in Brazil arrested for pressure from the media company understanding the half of the year will
to have this pipeline punished here I hope that my huge patience to analyze
whoever is able to participate in uefa and take to the streets at home is that
everyone knows they have to have the courage to use the pen the compact pen
namibe that is not compact now it is up to the french with priest wind of the abuse law
of authority nilson good proposal I'm wrong nine versa
and there are more people deep 0 analyze and we go on that day so personal saying
total event or never again vote for you the guy if you are unaware of the
responsibility I have my pen do not vote for a new rebound in
left in the future the project there have dozens of articles promoting the assets and
will leave there but if you think i had to invent everything patience if
vote no if there was another guy who happened to me in my place already had
all this triggered there had not vetoed the question is how to watch tv because unfortunately
the congress went well happening electoral feats i learn that
was formed by technicians this technique I only know that in the aquino set he spoke is
a [ __ ] in the world being the honor of football
there’s almost no street problem what I’ll say I’ll answer is is a term
legal aid slander and defamation now if it is if he is a candidate was
during an eight-year jail term
thank god it changed brazil all praising not others much like
but in a new school problem, see who the second round was with me
who came in third and fourth of that
even the injury always comes person would have arrived with is in Brazil
There are people on the moon that I didn't even make the decision as they believe it is beginning to
threaten them thanks to the craze on facebook thank you loves my way
she behaves as she accuses says i am defending other people on top of that
project first project has nothing to do with the past is the future and nothing to do
past wants to protect anyone with this project does not protect anyone
this is also a teaching that we are not going to change our lives making the decision
when it is not our signature it is very easy we realize this when it is
responsible for something commander something
all programs are very easy and solved when there is no subscription to the
people who go on paper when it's a subscription have to stop to
to think that there is a high degree of responsibility when I sign some
thing I am determining that to be done so it needs and analytical has
study and the thing needs to be very well conducted and very consistent with everything that
happens in an environment today I also had 02 the federal revenue
talking to me about the veto the government everyone also wants to facilitate
nobody's life we ​​today william wack for god's sake give me cow is from globe
of the globe behind the lake then I will have a problem that the audio was
open he spoke is [ __ ] came out of the water returned to the press
esculachar with me I didn’t even say veto it’s still good to see this is not socratic
scotland said i'm done with ah but who's gonna support humor and 22 ca
kiss love didn't support me in a truth you know everybody knows
I had a quick airport meeting I shook his hand he dropped his head and
came out the press found sister wanted to appear as ignored
later, even before the elections, I was in parnaíba the land of the holy hand and
talking to the staff also for the campaign I received a
phone call from the wall in deputy bassuma's office and he spoke to me at
misunderstood because I didn’t want to talk to any politicians who had
started with earlier the moment he sketched a smile
google also doesn’t smile a lot at the exhibition just taking a photo of that
I was a friend of the guy, okay, and then it was over, the elections
my body i have responsible about the love i have is not my subordinate
baby employee was a collaborator like january is a friend is collaborating
april or 22 years old the images acts on a motorcycle
nowadays to preserve but it was emphatic Iran will try to laugh right
the doctors that the heart, right, neither Ronaldo nor the stab managed to kill that
that in the verification the subject my visa in the few days that to change or we are
acting listen if you do also celebrated the fact
I also live there will have elections and I took over there assumes Rodrigo Mayia da Cama
if rodrigo will pass, he also assumes the responsibility of seeing club sion av club fatah
assumed already suffers until there is a hurry I'm wrong 60 to 90 days
new elections is the mood I don’t know if it will continue or not with people there it will
having to take care of his life because he assumed exposing the goal is not a
adventure only I want to female resigned is being even was
working and being excellent once in a while the friction of the TV hit from a distance
will have to see the only bahia only gave me i'm smarter don't come up
problems problem is not something that we would like to see done
102 conversation in company potentiates all the time potentiate has no
problem with the fat ox congratulations on your project today in combating
corruption the moment is a problem in front of Brazil and
makes it very clear and the sun in our government assumes governors too many people
new the number of violent deaths in brazil
dropped 1 20% a year in the last few days a gallery on the globe is ending here
people from the globe chasing me is impressive the elections will end
the ball arrives through a bag already very clear here merval pereira for the matter
if days oo fake nor bobajol do zé grandma call a liar not anything macro and
look that you are defending a campaign so it's true this was some time
2016 and 2017 some people earn very well from
globe the income tax is on top of pj
legal person 10% he lost lecture lecture to take the mason
375 thousand reais do not want evil speaks with propriety the
criterion i know what here in the official beginning right there was no freedom
for 2011 cristiana lôbo also 330 thousand reais in
senac money will give lecture 330,000 leftover from the lecture for the love of
god corruption did not send for him
combine more money to beat in Brazil still believed I left the
lecture access here 284 thousand four hundred and fifty reais and eighty
and eight cents in a fight reads didn’t have to kick it were it not 81 cents for
give a lecture there will be people here giuliana morrone 270 thousand reais
pedro de moraes rubin said accioly da costa dória
it’s interesting that people that happen look just I lived this moment right some
violent criticism against the presidents of the republic at that time because it is a
wear had no critical moment are part of the system
at that time of what was called all the time with that same personal and racist
homophobic fascist xenon as incompetent doesn't like northeasterners not
let my wife know that there will be no end to canada closes the age of crateús
she doesn’t like northeasterners, she’s stuffed with millions of things and misogynistic ogx
like a woman what a woman’s place I’m going to say I’m president
from Gabon does a disservice already earns very well pays the income tax
different from the people or 0 27% to 0 percent think it should also be 13
to do what in many times lie the newspaper said that the commitment to
tell the truth not all the time people in my family esculachar esculachahar
michel's grandmother of the day the serious problem for over 20 years
boot boot her face discloses the collection that with me I’m not even better
enhances the business and who want to bring out the system products
the globe is that these people interested anyone present the plane could be
truth could be a cyrus could be an ok - I
i'm thick now it's working today i don't want to see tonight gets the
national and at night and back will comment the man even I am polite gave half
back to the wheelchair or talk about 0 4% since joining the economy speak
it's true I heard about the subject getting to know our
agreement here our agreement here with a trade with indonesia has no
have only bad news all the time bad news all the time emmett
refinement the news and neicer form all the time are losing the one that gives the
credibility is not for today is not for today people shoot shoot shoot for
person thank you so much for the opportunity this week again god
want good news is will be able to power on the 7th will have a stop is will last a
hour and ten mothers in brasília i want to invite you not to attend the next
saturday now the other our cd for sure will be a good access september
from the history of brasília appear with the yellow green shirt
come on let's go to our freedom our democracy conquered a long time ago
time with much sweat sacrifice with destruction of reputations and looks at
freedom of the press issue we defend freedom of the press
look for that deputy who asked for prominence for who you are unintentionally
sweat is passion done even though i did and what god against pt
your chick against the pt - seeing the way the pt speaks the truth - with
more in the negative mall to deny that he fought against the pt
lying lying and speaking the truth ideology of gender and their family members
the robbery of petrobras delivers patrimony to us for dictatorships in the world
all look at the black box of ubds appear it already appeared that guys that
guys from buying airplanes like 33 6 percent a year which is verifiable from that
20 million of the entrepreneur 3% looks at what he has to try and luciano huck who
try I'm the last chapter of the new on the right chaos but it might not have been
cool the purchase I recognize on the thigh just for fish joão dória also bought joão
doria bought also love also explain leaving only friendly fish from the squid
dilma and then ask me to see now talking about americana and the flag never
they will know joke is joke when I was sending there the flag was
red that was easy but she has a problem i do i touch
thanks good night guys until the week that god wants in the arm